There are 8 possible win scenarios with 48 winning combinations

There are a maximum of 9 clicks in a single game and a minimum of 5 clicks to declare a winner

Each box in the tic tac toe board is a div with innerHTML from 1-9

1 | 2 | 3
---------
4 | 5 | 6
---------
7 | 8 | 9

1) create an empty array and set it equal to playerX

2) create an empty array and set it equal to playerO

3) create an array that includes arrays of all 8 winning combinations

4) create 1 function with 9 if/else statements

	IF playerX's array has a length of 0 and playerO's array has a length of 0, and if the innerHTML of the clicked box is not "X" or "O", then the click will grab the innerHTML value in the clicked on box and input it into playerX's array. Change the innerHTML for that box to "X". Sort playerX array. IF playerX array contains an array from the winning combinations array, declare playerX as the winner.

	IF playerX's array has a length of 1 and playerO's array has a length of 0, and if the innerHTML of the clicked box is not "X" or "O", then the click will grab the innerHTML value in the clicked on box and input it into playerO's array. Change the innerHTML for that box to "O". Sort playerO array. IF playerO array contains an array from the winning combinations array, declare playerO as the winner.

	IF playerX's array has a length of 1 and playerO's array has a length of 1, and if the innerHTML of the clicked box is not "X" or "O", then the click will grab the innerHTML value in the clicked on box and input it into playerX's array. Change the innerHTML for that box to "X". Sort playerX array. IF playerX array contains an array from the winning combinations array, declare playerX as the winner.

	IF playerX's array has a length of 2 and playerO's array has a length of 1, and if the innerHTML of the clicked box is not "X" or "O",  then the click will grab the innerHTML value in the clicked on box and input it into playerO's array. Change the innerHTML for that box to "O". Sort playerO array. IF playerO array contains an array from the winning combinations array, declare playerO as the winner.

	IF playerX's array has a length of 2 and playerO's array has a length of 2, and if the innerHTML of the clicked box is not "X" or "O",  then the click will grab the innerHTML value in the clicked on box and input it into playerX's array. Change the innerHTML for that box to "X". Sort playerX array. IF playerX array contains an array from the winning combinations array, declare playerX as the winner.

	IF playerX's array has a length of 3 and playerO's array has a length of 2, and if the innerHTML of the clicked box is not "X" or "O",  then the click will grab the innerHTML value in the clicked on box and input it into playerO's array. Change the innerHTML for that box to "O". Sort playerO array. IF playerO array contains an array from the winning combinations array, declare playerO as the winner.

	IF playerX's array has a length of 3 and playerO's array has a length of 3, and if the innerHTML of the clicked box is not "X" or "O",  then the click will grab the innerHTML value in the clicked on box and input it into playerX's array. Change the innerHTML for that box to "X". Sort playerX array. IF playerX array contains an array from the winning combinations array, declare playerX as the winner.

	IF playerX's array has a length of 4 and playerO's array has a length of 3, and if the innerHTML of the clicked box is not "X" or "O",  then the click will grab the innerHTML value in the clicked on box and input it into playerO's array. Change the innerHTML for that box to "O". Sort playerO array. IF playerO array contains an array from the winning combinations array, declare playerO as the winner.

	IF playerX's array has a length of 4 and playerO's array has a length of 4, and if the innerHTML of the clicked box is not "X" or "O",  then the click will grab the innerHTML value in the clicked on box and input it into playerX's array. Change the innerHTML for that box to "X". Sort playerX array. IF playerX array contains an array from the winning combinations array, declare playerX as the winner.

	IF playerX's array has a length of 5 and playerO's array has a length of 4, then check both players' arrays to see if they contain an array from the winning combinations array. IF neither player array has a winning combination, send an alert saying "Cat's game. No one wins!".
